 Research History of RHoK
 Compile Local Articles/Coverage
 Locate Code Repositories

Sam,

This week has been a blur, but excellently validating. I just got out of the
last session, and will be forgoing some of the dinner festivities to be sure to
make good on my committment. I'm on California time, so this will hit your
inbox well after EOB.

On the list of things from the GANTT chart, here is a quick run-down of task completion.

Research History of RHoK - 85%
    I've compiled the list of links, articles, blogposts, and any other primary
    and secondary resources through the first dozen or so pages of search
    engine results. This will help provide most of the "Meat" of the history
    section, and can help me produce an organizational timeline.

    I would like to supplement the historical accounts with some first-person
    accounts from organization members. I will be reaching out to them once
    I've got some more to show them, so they get a clear idea of where the
    capstone is headed, outside of my abstracts.

Compile Local Articles/Coverage - 100%
    I've managed to hunt down all the local press, TV spots, and media coverage
    of RHok-ROC hackathon. I have both written articles, newspaper clippings,
    video, and press releases from RIT university news, and departmental press.

Locate Code Repositories - 100%
    With the help from our Keynote speaker, and upstream event organizer from
    NASA, I was able to compile the list of all the projects we worked on at
    the Rochester event, and the source code repositories needed to build the
    visualizations.

Things not on the list, but will be helpful for future research and
development.
    - Worked with the software engineers at Red Hat to develop a "live" version
      of the Gource visualization software. This code, though not a one-to-one
      match for the needs of my capstone, helped me to broaden my knowledge and
      understanding, and should help me build a better end-product. This has
      also led to an opportunity for partnership between our lab and other
      departments of Red Hat we had previously not had any interaction with. It
      will likely result in a summer co-op student being hired to continue
      researching alternate configurations for the same tools that underly my
      capstone research. I look forward to assisting in this capacity, and will
      be in an even better position to contribute to the research when the time
      comes.

    - Attended a 2-part session at the PyCon Conference about Source Code
      Visualization using the popular on-line code forge Github.com. This was
      not quite as directly related to my research as I would have hoped, but
      was good for showing me the capabilities of web-based libraries for
      generating visualizations from developer activity. I took note of each
      library and service leveraged by the presenters, and look forward to
      diving into their code once the project is officially released.

    - Facilitated the first-ever PyCon Education Summit.
      With help from our students and Prof. Jacobs, I chaired, MC'd, and ran
      the 'Unconference' portion of the Summit. Audience members pitched
      sessions and lightning talks (5 minute presentations), and our group
      handled the voting and selection process, assisted with A/V support, and
      gave a few presentations ourselves. Organizing a group of 100 hackers and
      educators from both K-12, University, and Community groups was both very
      exciting and very stressful at the same time, but the feedback we
      recieved was *very* positive. The shining moment was when the conference
      chair during the kick-off and introduction made a point to tell the
      audience of 2500+ attendees that the EDU summit was a "huge success"
      based on accounts from attendees, and the conference organizers, online
      and offline :)

    - I will be helping to run the Open Government Sprints at PyCon this year,
      working with industry, non-profit, and academic stakeholders in the Open
      Data field. The fruits of the labor will then become part of the panel
      discussion I am delivering at Harvard next weekend entitled "Free
      Software and Democracy." I'm very much looking forward to experimenting
      more with gource during the sprints, and getting input from other hackers
      on my capstone research and development. LibrePlanet will provide another
      opportunity to share my capstone with other thought leaders, including
      faculty and researchers from Harvard and MIT (among other universities.)

If this update does not meet the format you had in mind, let me know what other
information I can provide in future updates, and I will adjust my
correspondence accordingly.

Looking Forward,
--RemyD.
