The PeaceCorps in just this year's winter hackathon had listed dozens
challenges submitted by volunteers working in the field from Costa Rica, to
Mongolia. These challenges were listed at
http://innovationchallenge.peacecorps.gov, and were submitted as part of the
Random Hacks of Kindness Global Hackathon.

As the lead organizer of the Rochester Hackathon event, I had the privilege of
working with Peace Corps Volunteers (PCVs) and Returned Peace Corps Volunteers
(RPCVs) to match our hackahton attendees with challenges submitted from the
field in Africa, and elsewhere.

The PeaceCorps was not the only governmental organization in need, and we
didn't have to look halfway around the world for folks who needed help. Our
hackathon was not even a month after Hurricane Sandy had ravaged the east
coast. Residents in Down State New York were devastated, and are still
struggling to get back on their feet, even as I write this proposal. Through
attending another Hackathon at CapitolCamp2012 in Albany, we met with
developers from Governor Cuomo's office, the New York State Senate, and many
other agencies. These civil servants had been tirelessly monitoring social
media channels, and updating the state websites with the latest aid and relief
information for those affected by the storm. In that hackathon began an effort
to develop a storm resources website that was optimized for mobile browsers,
that would become the largest and most active project at RHoK Rochester.

Not all of our projects were reactive, disaster or crisis related. Some were
proactive informative sites that improved civic engagement here in Monroe
County. One member of the community took it upon himself to categorize and
index all of the meeting minutes from each town hall and city council meeting,
and provide links to the source documents.

Brief History of RHoK

"an intitative that seeks to make the world a better place by building a
community of innovation." By bringing together developers and subject matter
experts (SMEs) who volunteer their time to solve real-world problems. In its
current incarnation, Random Hacks of Kindness is sponsored as a joint
initiative by Google, Microsoft, The World Bank, Hewlett-Packard, NASA, Yahoo!
and others. RHoK's impact comes not only from bringing together resources (both
human and capital) to solve problems, to be properly scope and refine problems
so that they are broken down into achievable units.
    The first ever coding marathon or RHoK #0 was a proof-of-concept event held in Mountain View California.
(RHoK Event Planning Kit, p. 2)


Copyright Basics 7
License and IP 8
Copyleft 8
Permissive 9
Normative 10
Motivation 11
Comm arch 12
Knowledge 13
PUblicly licensed 14
project dssc 16
the idea 16
license 17
venue 17
accpetance 18
flyer 18
listing 19
CapCamp 20
release draft 22
keynotes 23
release release 23
swag 24
radio 24
arrive 24
day of 25
project results 27
main event 27
press 27
next day 28
count down 29
presos 29
conc and rec 32
prob recap 32
overall sum 32
recommend 35
utliize 35
differently 36
specific course 38
showing the story 40
acknowlege 41
ref cited 42

A License to RHok Application  45
b The Event Flyer 47
C The Eventbrite.com Registration Page 48
D RIT Press Release 49
E Henrietta Post Online Article 50
F Radio Interview with Bob Smith of WXXI 51
G YNN News Clip 52
H YNN Online Article 53
I Reporter Online Article 54
J Reporter Magazine Article 55
K 13WHAM Online Article 56 
L 13WHAM News Clip 57
M Democrat & Chronicle Newspaper Article 58
N Venue Photographs 59
O Random Hacks of Kindness Event Planning Kit 62
P Multi-Gource Scripts 96
