Locate Code Repositories
Adapt Multi-Gource Script

Sam,

I'm still recovering from west coast time, and the sizable sleep deficit I
accumulated pulling conference and hackathon hours, but I'm so glad to be back.

From the GANTT Chart:

Locate Code Repositories - 100%
    I've not only managed to locate all of the Rochester repositories, but a
    semi-comprehensive list of most of the repositories world-wide!
    In my experiments this makes for a much more spectacular visualization, and
    gives a much more complete view of the scale and impact of the global
    events of the past years.

Adapt Multi-Gource Script - 65%
    During the sprints at PyCon I had a chance to work with other hackers to
    experiment with a variety of 'log hacks' that do things like categorize and
    group source code commits by year, and colorize each project individually.
    This was exhilarating for not only me, but for the folks I was working
    with... however...

    After spending some time adapting my scripts, I made an irreversible error
    and checked out a previous version of my script, overwriting the changes
    that I had made during the hackathon. I was able to reproduce the
    colorizing portions, but lost the code that groups commits by date...
    This is not a full-on disaster, but will require me to retrace my steps at
    a later date. Luckily, I am only half-way through the Gource Script
    Adaptation portion of my Capstone, and it is about half-way done, so I'm
    still on track.

Not on the GANTT Chart, but extremely cool nonetheless:
    - NASA SpaceAppsChallenge Rochester Press Release went public yesterday!
      http://www.rit.edu/news/story.php?id=49879

    - Radio Interview about NASA SpaceAppsChallenge
      I had a phone interview today recording some soundbites for a 45 second
      radio spot on our local NPR Affiliate WXXI which should air over the
      weekend or through Monday. I'm very excited :)

    - Press release about a major gift to our program
      http://www.rit.edu/news/story.php?id=49884

      This is *great* news for our lab, as it will provide support for the next
      2 years of operation.

    - More Ink from my OpenGov talk at Harvard last weekend from LibrePlanet
      http://openmediaboston.org/node/2561

      My talk, and our lab, were cited directly in the article. Big win.


Again, if this update does not meet the format you had in mind, let me know
what other information I can provide in future updates, and I will adjust my
correspondence accordingly.


Looking Forward,
--RemyD.
